feat: add pod disruption budget generation environment variable (#105)
strimzi/proposals: 063-pdb-generation-environment-variable.md

## Proposal Details

1. **Environment Variable Introduction:** Implement `STRIMZI_POD_DISRUPTION_BUDGET_GENERATION` with a default value of `true`.
2. **Disabling PDB Generation:** When set to `false`, the operator will skip PDB operations for all Strimzi components. It will not create, modify or delete any PDB.
3. **Documentation and Guidance:** Update Strimzi documentation to include instructions and implications of disabling PDB generation.
4. **Scope:** This change affects only the Pod Disruption Budget aspect and does not alter any other functionalities of the Strimzi operator.

## Affected Projects

This proposal pertains solely to the [Strimzi Kafka Operator](https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator).

## Compatibility

- **Default Behavior:** By retaining `true` as the default value, existing deployments remain unaffected.
- **Backward Compatibility:** This feature is an addition and does not alter existing functionalities.

## Rejected Alternatives

1. **CRD-based Option for PDB Disabling:** Initially considered, this was rejected for increasing complexity and requiring repetitive configuration.

> 2. **Global Disabling via Command-Line Flag:** Although an alternative, a command-line flag was deemed less flexible and consistent compared to an environment variable.

Reviewer: Curious about this one, as we don't have any command line tool. Do you mean when using Helm as deployment method?

Author: no I meant as a flag in entrypoint command of strimzi image

Author: @fvaleri done

## Rationale

- **Flexibility:** Some users operate in environments with strict policies that prevent the creation of PDBs. Providing an option to disable PDB generation caters to these scenarios.
- **Consistency:** This approach is consistent with existing features, such as the Network Policy Generation Environment Variable.
- **Simplicity:** A global setting avoids the complexity of configuring this setting for each custom resource.

## Current Implementation

The Strimzi operator automatically creates PDBs to ensure high availability and minimize disruptions. However, this feature does not accommodate environments where PDB creation is restricted.

## Motivation

- **Operational Constraints:** In environments where PDB creation is not permitted, users are unable to deploy Strimzi effectively.

> - **Configuration Flexibility:** Users need the ability to configure their Strimzi deployments to align with their specific operational policies and constraints.

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can merge this section into the `Rationale` section? It seems to be very similar?

Author: done @scholzj

## Proposal Details

1. **Environment Variable Introduction:** Implement `STRIMZI_POD_DISRUPTION_BUDGET_GENERATION` with a default value of `true`.

> 2. **Disabling PDB Generation:** When set to `false`, the operator will skip PDB creation for all Strimzi components.

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can clarify that it will not create or update them either?

```suggestion
2. **Disabling PDB Generation:** When set to `false`, the operator will skip PDB operations for all Strimzi components. It will not create, modify or delete any PDB.
```

This is useful  to make it clear that when you disable it in existing cluster, the operator will not attempt to delete any PDB etc.
